Tell me about yourself.
comes from architecture - IT
automated sdet roles for 5 years.
working for google, 3 years.
projects are ending, turnover of staff, time to move on.

Describe your role in your team.
senior tester, 3 test, 5 dev, SM, PO

Can you list me some of the testing you do on a regular basis?
    functional/smoke/regression/back-end etc.
smoke/daily
sprints, 2 weeks, friday.


how often do you perform regression testing?

What meetings are you involved in your team?
    grooming -
    planning -
    retro -

Can you describe your daily work activities?
    email - smoke results
    email - check for anything important
    Jira - review what is needed done
    Daily stand-up Meeting => what did i do yesterday, what im doing today, list any impediments. - 15 min
    work on automating user stories
        morning 50tests,smoke, around 9am start work hours, daly user stories

    -brown bag meetings? lunch? extra credit meetings to help others? trainings?

Tell me about the project your currently working on.
    describe something you are proud you figured out/accomplished.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What Frameworks are you using? (what are you using to develop testing code, Java is language, Selenium WebDriver?)
    Jira - tracking bugs/tasks
    Jenkins - scheduling tests

Why are you looking for a new job?
    end of project?company relocating?
few people quit, projects we are passionate about are ending, future uncertain,

Why did you apply for this position?
companies goals are interesting, and projects are expansive, feel it would be a good challenge, good environment to work in, growth possibilities.

What is your personal strength?
tenacity, attention to detail, social skills, enjoys solving issues.

What is your personal weakness?
hard to balance between good on technical or social for spending time.
sometimes emotional, overwhelmed, sometimes feeling rude/impatient.

Technical Strengths?

Technical Weakness?

Describe to me something that was a challenge in one of your recent projects.

-------------------------------------------------

NON-TECHNICAL Challenges!
Q: What to do in case you have too much work and cannot finish by deadline?
try to communicate with co workers to see if theres a way to deconstruct/redistribute worload, orpush deadline back a bit.

Q: How do you handle conflict?
observe, problem solve depending on problems.

Q: How do you handle stress?
deadlines common previous job, when backlog work harder, handle well, different headspace when working hard.
go till done.

Q: How do you prioritize workload?
prioritize on tasks needed to be done, start with most important finish with least.
technical priority over admin duties, over general tasks.

Q: How soon can you start? / Tomorrow? => Testing loyalty to current job.
2-3 weeks.

Q: How much are you expecting from us for a pay rate?
    ;90-100k, if you lowball, they think you are inexperienced.
    ;they already know what they will pay, but they see if anything can be saved
110k

Q: Why should I hire you?
unique set of experiences, both technical and interpersonal, and cultural. adaptable, beneficial for an organization
 like yours that is multicultural and fast paced environment

Q: Any questions for me?
    pg 13.


---------------------------------------------------

        TELL ME ABOUT YOUR FRAMEWORK

Q: What Tools do you use every day and for what?
    Java: Programming language.
    Maven: Framework, used to manage dependencies and run tests as mvn goals from terminal.
    Selenium WebDriver: library/tool/api used to automate browser, interacts with browser.
    TestNG:used to group tests using xml files, creating test methods, run in certain order.
    Cucumber Extent: for generating detailed HTML reports.

-------------------------------------------------------
            SDLC & AGILE

Q: What is software testing?
testing user stories, features, testing through automation.

Q: What are Software Requirement Specifications?
a document that states clearly what the goals are for the software.

Q: What is SDLC?

Q: What is STLC?
requirement gathering, plan making, dev, release, maintainence

Q: What is the difference between SDLC and STLC?
STLC subset of SDLC

Q: What are requirements, and where do they come from?
come from sakeholders/investors/owners, set of requirements that the software must perform to achieve the goals.

Q: What is a testers main responsibility?

Q: What is positive and negative testing?
unknown

Q: What is testing hierarchy?
unknown

Q: What is risk-based testing?


Q: How many environments do you have/use?
    Dev - Unit testing
    Test - Manual testing/Replicates production exactly/automated smoke/automated tests/automated integration tests
    Pre-Production - UAT environment/Demo/load-performance testing/Changes deployed in big intervals/STABLE!
    Production -

Q: What is functional testing?
skip

Q: What is non-functional testing?
skip













